Jarl Varg has to die on the most
cruel way for what he did.
It is important that people
keeps a close eye on what we like.
Do not boast that we are gathering an army
who will be steering Jarl Varg.
I can't say where
important is that people hold tight, -
- so Jarl Varg
do not get the fort of this.
You can trust me. I'm not saying
something against a stingy reward -
- as true as I am
Know the deceitful.
- That name does not inspire confidence.
-Vidkun?
No, the other name. Your name is
"the fraudulent" to last name?
OK.
I thought you were a leader like that
judged people by what they do, -
- and not what they are called.
Maybe I was wrong?
Of course not. But it is
a special name. The deceitful.
Probably I got it because
I am in excess of trust.
I have kept close to so much
that it has become too much of a good thing.
That's why I got
an ironic nickname.
I've never heard of
ironic Viking names before.
OK, so you've definitely heard
all Viking names throughout Norway?
-No.
- Then we wouldn't have had this conversation.
Many have ironic names.
Very many around.
And when it comes to being deceitful
my look, it's the same.
Do not look at the dog on the hair.
Did it look deceptive,
means I'm not.
Of course. You are right.
My mistake. Sorry.
Anyway:No one has to reveal that I am
planning an attack on Jarl Varg.
It has to come
as a surprise. OK?
OK. I will not let you down,
Jarl Bjørn.
I promise that in faith and honor.
It's the groom, after all.
You wanted to talk about something?
There was something on the stag team
which was disturbing.
-Yes, it went a little wild.
- It didn't go wild. But ...
That with intimacy
with opposite sex and such.
-Yes, I know all about it.
-Yes?
- You can never be taught, Orm.
-Yes.
No. Now the wedding night is approaching,
and Frøya is probably no beginner.
I thought we should have
a refresher course in here.
-You want us to go in and ...
-Yes. Now.
Yes, it's a bit unconventional, though
as brothers is it perhaps natural?
No, but then just ... You start in
me, then I'll penetrate you afterwards?
-What?
- Or do you sex with me first?
No! What ...
Absolutely not, Orm!
No, that would be very unnatural.
Just because you ...
But then it's forgotten, then.
So, then I'm in place.
Are you fine?
Then the sexual interaction begins
between man and woman.
Now I bring the meat
into the vagina.
-Once?
-No, it is repeated repeatedly.
And then I really enjoy.
And then you find a nice rhythm.
Then you may well have a quad going
inside your head, and then you keep the rhythm.
Stay tuned now.
You're not watching.
The arch you make at the end ...
Then she enjoys the extra.
Watch the woman's face ...
Now she enjoys, you see?
Then you can increase the rhythm.
Like that ...
Here's how you develop
a fountain orgasm, Orm.
But it is extras, that is.
Yes. Next step. Don't aim yourself
into it in the first place.
Now just concentrate
mostly about geography.
Yes, questions?
If I got it right, then ...
That bag of balls, -
- it should just dangle back and forth
without purpose and meaning? Not in?
-No.
-Not into the other hole either?
-No no.
-For it could just as well have been like that?
It's not impossible, I mean.
It depends on what you are used to.
It's just not
how it works, Orm.
-But it could have been that way.
- That's not how it works.
Maybe not in Norway,
but in other cultures.
I highly doubt that.
Elsewhere, it can be unnatural
to sex without having the bag in the back hole.
And then they discuss the same thing there.
Just the opposite. That's my point.
But otherwise it was very ...
You can't know everything.
Just what I fear: a welded bunch
after the stag party.
A little downfall that we didn't get it, then.
Have you heard anything more
about table seating and things like that?
We get to sit together?
We have to.
I just stress with the small talk
with strangers.
Everyone is good at it except me.
-Froya, are you there?
-Yes?
You haven't got
cold feet or something?
Why should I do that?
No, no reason.
No reason at all.
You must be one of my closest friends
warriors, and then you need some equipment.
This is the latest
in sword, dagger, ax ...
Not that much has happened
that front for the last thousand years,
- but this is the latest.
I've got a brow,
- but was a little unsure
on it with ... Yes.
But you just get to see the hill it works.
And I've been stitched
a wedding dress for you.
Since you have a little like that
different clothes then.
-OK.
-You're gonna shine.
Yes.
I only thought of one thing.
Don't go around asking and digging
about how Orm is as a person.
- There's no point.
-Why not?
No why ...
- People are envious. They are talking.
-Yes, people are envious and talk.
-Oh true! Look here, yes.
-Wow.
It never feels strange to have met the bride.
There you have been lucky.
It's going to be great, Orm.
Yes, I should just be myself.
Yes, or I almost think
that you should not be so much yourself.
-Why?
- I'm just saying it to help you.
But you might have
tends to sound a bit much.
People sometimes look
that you can be a little intense.
- Very, very suffocating.
- You're like that.
You're clumsy, intense and suffocating.
Like that. Then the cat is out of the bag.
You too, Hildur.
Very clumsy.
Orm, it was just a well-meaning advice.
"Don't be yourself" -
the worst advice of all time.
Worm ...
And Lord Tor and Odin. It is
power-bonanza in here, yes.
Yes ...
Just one glance at the power elite
and the dune is in tight guard.
Is it available here, or?
Yes.
You just stand on the dress ...
-Yes, it was a wedding, then.
-That it was?
- It was a wedding.
-Yes, like that, yes. That's it.
It is actually a bit urgent
with getting rubbed off by one here.
Yes, it is a long time ago.
Maybe it had
been a little exciting.
A bit "illegal" and "daredevil".
Shall we ...
Just sit down, Olvar, this is
something I have to do on my own.
What is their relationship?
to the bridal couple, then?
We know the groom.
But we are from Norheim.
- Who's from here?
-Yes.
Yes.
And enjoy living in Norheim?
Yes. Yes. Absolutely.
I did just that
to take a small round before it starts.
It seems ...
It looks nice.
-Yes it does.
-It is ...
-Velholdt.
-Yes ...
Well maintained is the word.
-That's possible.
It is
slightly weathered, but ...
That's why we live here.
The country of special interest.
- The country for ...?
-Particularily interested.
Yes. It is ...
Yes then. There is something in it.
No, then. It have to be
room to sneak a little too.
Yes. Are you kidding now?
I didn't understand.
No, it was joking.
I like to draw a whiff occasionally.
Yes. There is so much seriousness and
misery now in the Viking Age, so ...
Right.
Can't help but complain, say.
Isn't that what they say?
I don't know, but sure.
Since you say it.
Yes, it is.
- It was joking, too.
-OK.
Can I have some more drinks?
He is perfect.
She's perfect, was what I said.
She is perfect.
That's why I'm so hard on
that vision is the most important sense.
Almost everything is recorded with the sight.
Disappears sense of smell
or sense of taste, -
- it's our eyes that protect us
against dangers. They are indispensable.
Not to break in, but it is
anyone who wants to expose?
Someone who feels cold?
Tina?
-Yes ... What is it about?
-You pop up and get blood.
Then the blood is used to make up
the bride and groom. The corpse goes to the pigs.
It is very honorable,
Just so it is said.
It doesn't sound very honorable
to be cut up as a party trick.
No, that doesn't sound very tempting,
but it is much more than that.
You become the focal point of the party.
Maybe you find some meaning in it?
I don't know, but ...
I believe God's plan for me
does not involve being sacrificed.
- Can't we vote on that?
-It is fair.
Mega Fair. Then it can
become any of us.
So everyone who votes for Vegard
should be exposed, raise his hand.
Here I must say
that I disagree with the majority.
The individual's intent is the same
heaviness in a collective decision.
Yes, something else would be madness. But
it is allowed to be disappointed. Thanks for now.
Where was I? You, the sight.
There you see how important the vision is ...
Thanks.
Oh, look here, then.
Really exciting, this, then.
Brand new chapter in life and stuff.
-Yes. Yes yes.
-You look really strong.
Proper muscular arms.
It appeals to me a lot.
Yes? Yes, maybe I always have
been such a boy girl, i.
Yes, I do too.
Me too. Or what did they say?
Such a girl.
Here's a gift from me to you.
With desire
a long and good marriage.
-Thanks. Can we open right away?
-You're welcome.
-Tannebisser?
- From people?
An assorted selection. Here is
from a thicket, here a limp, -
- a curl top, a little dwarf,
a mongoloid and a whore.
Orm?
Don't you think about them?
Yes, it is a very nice gift.
I like it.
I like teeth.
Good.
It was good to hear.
It would have been sad if this one
great gift should dust away.
No, it's an absolutely amazing gift,
and we both appreciate it.
I am very glad to hear that.
Likewise.
-Is this from Jarl Bjørn?
-Yes. An absolutely amazing gift.
Unfortunately he couldn't be here,
but he is very nice.
- Is he alive?
-Yes.
I think you're starting
getting thin in the string, Wolf?
Hairless whore ...
Thick hair is more important
than thick genitals ...
Nobody loves a bald man ...
I have a formidable one
task ahead of me.
Kinsmen! One thing remains
before the marriage is completed:
Blotting of slavery!
Promise me that marriage lasts,
otherwise it feels pointless.
Yes, marriage lasts a lifetime.
I sacrifice life here.
After all, it should be worth it.
Yes, enough about it and enough about you.
I do not know ...
Imagine that, from now on it just is
you and me from morning to night.
- Think about it.
- Every morning and evening I'm there.
-It's wise with some real time as well.
-Or not.
All meals together, holidays,
your friends are my friends ...
Maybe we can
Have hobbies together too?
- Have you pioneered much?
-No.
-Finger crochet, then?
Poetry, is it a common passion?
No.
-Do you make royal figures? Kongledyr?
-No.
-Do you collect pearls?
-That ordinary shells?
-No.
You will love it in a little while.
We become inseparable. Like pea.
We become like twins
that stick together.
- Has anything happened, right?
- They got married, then.
It was a great,
tearful ceremony. Epic.
-Fine talking and ...
-Sorry, I lost myself out there.
The hours just flew.
I had to drive a "doublare".
Still, I have plenty
sexual tension in the body.
Yes, but I can
stand in service, i.
I'm hungry. Are you sending the bread?
I just need something fast.
Dog.
We sit and talk a little.
Or take a breather ...
-We are leaving.
- Is it okay?
Never had it better.
I have big revenge plans
that grinds in me.
Come.
Look here.
-All right, Wolf?
-I take ten percent of the gifts.
- You bring gifts?
-Skatter.
This is standard procedure.
And Odin knows we need to
all the treasures we can get.
Jaha.
Is there something special going on?
There are dark clouds on the horizon, Olav.
It brews up to war!
Isn't it war all the time, really?
Yes, but it is
a little more war than before, Olav.
It brews up to
a little more war than before.
Lets see ...
There we were ... No, wait.
It should be like that
totally impossible to find your own piss, now?
There it was, the trick.
Let's see ...
- Am I inside you now?
-No.
There I will be in place.
Fantastic.
What a feeling.
- Still not inside, that is.
-What?
Then I have to double check you.
-Other way ...
-Oh yes. There, yes.
There you go.
There you go!
There was something else, yes ...